My GL552VW laptop was having crashing issues towards the end of its warranty and eventually refused to power on. It was sent in for repair and was being repaired for ~2 months. When I got it back it does turn on, but not long after, it would still have similar crashing issues (albeit less frequent). 

Now, almost a year later the issue has gotten progressively worse because it frequently crashes to the point where I am unable to operate the laptop any longer, and I call ASUS technical support and I am being denied warranty repair, with my service representative reciting repeatedly that my product was now out of warranty and out of region so there was no way I was going to get it repaired under warranty, and said that I had to shoulder the $150 diagnostic fee in addition to any other repair costs.

1. I do not believe that the repairs were done to satisfaction when I sent the computer in a year ago, because not long after it exhibited some of the symptoms I described in my first call to ASUS when it was under warranty. I do not believe the repairs were successful as I was informed by the representative that something was done to fix the BIOS, but a BIOS error crash has been the most common crashing for the laptop. 
2. I do not think it's fair that he keeps repeating to me that I am out of region. When I purchase something as portable as an ASUS laptop, I expect worldwide support, as was promised to me when I purchased it. People move all the time because of life/school/career options and I do not understand why I am being punished for this. 
3. I believe my laptop should repaired or at least diangosed by ASUS free of cost to me because I had already raised the issue with tech support when it was under warranty, but it was not entirely fixed because not long after getting it back from repair, the same issues are happening. I believe there should be an extension on my warranty for this reason, and also because I have done nothing but use my computer normally like it was mean to be used. You simply do not expect an ASUS product to break down right before warranty expires, get "repaired", and break down again for largely the same thing a year later.


Please advise.
